README.md, before:

# The Ring

A few months ago my boxing gym's physical timer broke and I noticed my coach using a timer that had ads. Many of the timers I saw either had ads or weren't free.

So I created a small web app to host a boxing timer. The timer lets you set 2 or 3 minute rounds and 30 sec or 1 min rests like a traditional physical boxing timer. The timer runs from when you turn it on to when you turn it off, there is no max rounds.

There is a no sleep set when the timer is turned on so your phone/laptop will not go to sleep while the timer is running.

The website also hosts all of my boxing coach Martin O'Malley's suggested notes and videos.

The website is hosted here: https://kreddykhan.github.io/the-ring/

<img width="1276" alt="Screen Shot 2023-01-01 at 6 52 22 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16426707/210192097-90bd8470-6625-4cfd-8ada-e027c2ed81c6.png">


# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can't go back!**

If you aren't satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you're on your own.

You don't have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn't feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn't be useful if you couldn't customize it when you are ready for it.

Commit message:

Adding readme instructions for uploading github page

README.md, after:

# The Ring

A few months ago my boxing gym's physical timer broke and I noticed my coach using a timer that had ads. Many of the timers I saw either had ads or weren't free.

So I created a small web app to host a boxing timer. The timer lets you set 2 or 3 minute rounds and 30 sec or 1 min rests like a traditional physical boxing timer. The timer runs from when you turn it on to when you turn it off, there is no max rounds.

There is a no sleep set when the timer is turned on so your phone/laptop will not go to sleep while the timer is running.

The website also hosts all of my boxing coach Martin O'Malley's suggested notes and videos.

The website is hosted here: https://kreddykhan.github.io/the-ring/

<img width="1276" alt="Screen Shot 2023-01-01 at 6 52 22 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16426707/210192097-90bd8470-6625-4cfd-8ada-e027c2ed81c6.png">


# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### ` npm run deploy`

Deploys the app to the github pages endpoint.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can't go back!**

If you aren't satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you're on your own.

You don't have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn't feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn't be useful if you couldn't customize it when you are ready for it.
